Updated documentation: added new code example and reference (#12693)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/lease.mdx

As a result, the return value of renewals should be carefully inspected to
determine what the new lease is.

> To implement token renewal logic in your application code, refer to the [code example in the Authentication doc](/docs/concepts/auth#code-example).

Reviewer: One last thing...  Let's put this in a call out box.

```suggestion
-> To implement token renewal logic in your application code, refer to the [code example in the Authentication doc](/docs/concepts/auth#code-example).
```

Author: ok

This is very useful if there is an intrusion within a specific system: all
secrets of a specific backend or a certain configured backend can be revoked
quickly and easily.

> To programatically renew auth tokens, see [code example](/docs/concepts/auth#code-example).

Reviewer: Wrong location.  Add this in the **Lease Durations and Renewal** section and not here. 

Also, I would word it like...

```suggestion
To implement token renewal logic in your application code, refer to the [code example in the Authentication doc](/docs/concepts/auth#code-example).
```
